What?
Hold on.
Your name is Jack Donaghy?
That's hilarious!
I beg your pardon?
Where's your supervisor?
Oh, you sound just like him!
Now say, "Don't talk to me like that!
Don't you know who I am?"
I will not say that!
Because you just ruined it!
Jack Donaghy.
What pray tell is so funny?
- I'll give you something...
- ...to laugh about!
I can't believer he is --
Gabe, Google "Jack Donaghy"
and "black laughter".
Hang on.
You're Jack Donaghy?
Why am I suddenly an object
of derision in your "community"?
I've championed diversity on NBC.
I mean, we've got football.
That's pretty black, right?
I'm laughing because
"Jack Donaghy" is the bad guy
from Tracy Jordan's "Aunt Phatso" movie.
But you can't shut us down!
The $25,000 rap competition
is in two days!
Well, unless you can come up
with $25,000 in just two days,
I'm turning this community center
into one of my garbage dumps!
Ooooooh!
Damn you, Jack Donaghy!
Aah!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
7x06 - Aunt Phatso vs. Jack Donaghy
Original Air Date on November 15, 2012
Ugh, this is so embarrassing.
I accidentally wore my tap shoes today.
I might as well do my act.
Now, imagine I'm wearing underwear.
Hazel, what did I tell you the last
time you tried to audition for me?
"Who's there?
Please don't hurt me!
The safe is in my children's room."
You're not getting on the show.
Too bad, Hazel. Looks like
everyone's onto your crazy now.
Why don't you make like
a woman driver and get lost?
'Cause I'd rather make like
the father I never had and stay.
Well, don't worry about me, Jenna. Hm...
I've got everyone I need on my side.
Who, Kenneth?
The things he knows about you people.
For instance, someone here
sucks on old baby wipes
to get the alcohol out of them.
Who does that?
That's my thing!
And one of these days, Kenneth's
gonna tell me something I can use.
And then I'll make my move.
Well, time is running out.
Tick-took, Hazel.
The clock is ticking.
Well, you know what else ticks?
A time-bomb.
So, yeah, Jenna, tick-took.
Oh, there she is. Finally!
Liz! Where have you been?
I told you, like, ten times,
I had a doctor's appointment today.
My bunions are out of control.
The podiatrist said
the only possible explanation
is that one of my ancestors
mated with a dinosaur.
Well, while you were out,
we had a little budget snafu.
We can't build any new sets,
so you're gonna have to completely
rewrite tomorrow's show,
so that everything takes place
in a farmhouse.
Pete, the budget is your job.
Who are we to say what anything is?
Ugh!
Okay, what did you write
after Pete told you we're short?
Liz, we spent a long time trying
to come up with a good excuse
for why we didn't write anything,
but we failed.
I put off this doctor's
appointment for months.
They had to saw me out of my sneakers!
And I need quadruple bunion surgery.
But I can't get it
because I would have to be
off my feet for three weeks.
And that would require someone
else around here to actually step up!
I would stomp off right now, but my
doctor says I need to walk like this:
Delightful! Charlie Chaplin!
You have the mustache and everything!
What's the matter, Jack Donaghy?
Does somebody accidentally --
What are you doing in here?
Lemon, do you think I'm a villain?
Well, I have heard you say,
"Guards, seize him!"
I was at a Knicks game!
They needed to stop the clock!
Why are you limping? Foot illness
or "fell running for food"?
I need bunion surgery.
But I can't get bunion surgery because
I have to do everything around here.
No, you choose to do
everything around here.
You need an assistant.
What? No!
I can always use Cerie.
Although the one time
I did send her on an errand,
she met some guy who flew her to Paris.
And then she started modeling,
and then she ends it up being the reason
why the French soccer team
did so badly in the 2010 World Cup.
Hire someone. Someone dedicated
to making your life easier.
- I don't know!
- You want to start a family?
You have to prioritize.
How can you take care of a child if
you can't take care of your own feet?
Hey, Grizz.
Hey, Dotcom.
Get me a black coffee,
by which I mean a Sunkist.
How could you think
we're Grizz and Dotcom?
'Cause I don't see race,
you white bastards!
Tracy...
...would you care to explain this?
What pray tel! is so funny?
Jack Donaghy,
don't you know in this neighborhood
you got to take your tires with you?
Aunt Phatso, you're fired!
You're all fired!
What is this?
That's "Tracy Jordan's Aunt Phatso
Goes to the Hospitals Goes to Jail".
When did you make a movie?
Fourth of July weekend.
I wrote, directed and did
all the makeup myself.
Oh, it's terrible!
We made 50 million dollars in Atlanta.
That man is portraying me.
That's Leslie van Vondervann!
He used to be on "Knots Landing".
My twin is dead.
Unacceptable.
After all I've done for you.
I brought you back from the dead
and revived your career.
And this is how you thank me?
You'll respect me,
and you'll respect these boobies!
I want every DVD of this movie
removed from stores,
burned, and melted into a statue
of you apologizing to me.
I will do no such thing.
The only statue
that movie will be turned into
is an NAACP Shame Award.
Hey, is there another one
of these coming out?
Because I think I saw an ad for it
in "Urban Buttz" magazine.
They have an excellent word jumble!
The new movie is called:
"Tracy Jordan's Aunt Phatso's
Jack Donaghy's We At It Again".
Oh! You will not release that movie!
You can't order me around.
Who do you think I am? Liz Lemon?
I will not have you talk to me
like I'm some kind of Liz Lemon!
Whatever.
I'll speak at both your funerals.
Typical Jack Donaghy.
Giving me no respect.
I'm the CEO of my own company.
I'm rich. I'm just like you!
"Just like me"?
I went to Princeton.
I neglected a tiger.
I'm on the board
of the New York Philharmonic!
I'm friends with Phil Harmonic,
the worst rapper of all time!
And I'm your boss.
I own you.
Think about that
during your five-night appearance
on "Watch What Happens Live"!
No! Andy Cohen is so catty!
And that's just the beginning.
If you don't take care of this,
you're fired.
You're all fired!
So tell me about your day, Kevin.
I mean, Todd.
Well, this morning, Ms. Lemon
had one of her meltdowns.
Really? About what?
Because she can't balance work
and personal life.
But I mean, after seven years
and hundreds of these episodes,
it's like, let's move on.
Liz needs help.
She needs someone who is ambitious
and talented and humble and a liar.
That's where Hazel comes in.
Let me hang those up for you.
You've got better things to do,
you genius.
Okay, thanks.
Also, I put all the new promos
on your computer.
And I wasn't sure how you take
your coffee. So, mouth or enema?
What's going on here, Hazel?
You need help.
I know you're trying to get pregnant
because I think about it all the time.
You on top, your hair whipping around.
But what if you do have a kid,
and you have to leave work,
because your daughter
shot her choir teacher's husband?
I mean, that's the kind of stuff
my mom had to deal with.
Wow. Okay, I'm just not sure
that I'm comfortable --
Did you get me a second mini-fridge?
No. I got you a mini-freezer.
Full of candy bars so cold
they'll crack your jaw, you bitch!
Shh!
- I didn't say anything.
- Shh!
Look, I want to help. You're my hero.
Just give me a chance.
Sisters helping sisters.
Glass ceiling. Legitimate rape.
Okay, Hazel.
I'm gonna get my foot surgery.
And if you can be my eyes and ears
while I'm stuck on the couch,
you've got the job.
Great!
Now, if it's okay with you,
I'm gonna go wash your sweatshirt.
You got it unstuck from the chair!
Good evening.
The New York Philharmonic
is thrilled to announce
that we've recently received a very
generous donation that will keep us
fully endowed for the next decade.
In honor of that gift,
tonight's scheduled program
of Debussy and Rachmaninoff
will be replaced with a selection
chosen by our anonymous donor.
So please enjoy a four-hour rendition
of the theme song from "Sanford and Son".
Now who's in charge?
- Here we go.
- Hazel, thank you...
...for taking care of everything.
I can't believe you got
my health plan to cover all this.
Oh, you just need to know
what to say to them.
Like their children's names
and what they wore to school today.
Oh!
Oh, will you send Frank in?
I want to see what they wrote
to fill the fifth act.
Or, since I'm here to help,
maybe I could fill the time.
I still know my rhythmic
gymnastics routine.
I was good, until I hit puberty and
the coach said I got too pregnant.
Are you kidding?
I'm not gonna put you on the show.
- Lemon, a word.
- Hey! Guy!
You can't just walk in here
whenever you want!
How can I help you?
So, Lemon has an assistant.
Excellent.
Jack Donaghy to see Liz Lemon.
A Mr. Donaghy here for you.
Get off this channel!
This is a military frequency!
Okay, you can go in.
So you got your surgery,
and the world hasn't ended.
I think I can do this, Jack.
All of it. I mean, right now
my feet are kind of like babies.
I have to swaddle them,
they need ointment,
and like six times a day
brown stuff comes out of them.
You're beautiful, babies!
Yes, you are!
Look, Lemon, I need some advice.
Tracy is actually trying to fight back.
He ruined a wonderful evening
at the Philharmonic,
paying them to play the same song
over and over again for hours.
I can't remember...
I can't remember what it was,
but the point is
the man is totally irrational.
You know what? Tracy's right.
You two are a lot alike.
I beg your pardon?
You're both stubborn.
You're rich.
You think you're right all the time.
You want to prove that you're not
like Tracy? Let it go.
Or crush him and prove you both wrong.
Get two Byrds with one Stone.
Like when I used Mick Jagger
to lure Roger McGuinn
and David Crosby to my birthday party!
Listen to yourself!
You sound exactly like Tracy!
Just the person I wanted to see!
Oh, hi, Kenneth.
Look, I need to tell you something.
About Hazel --
Oh, no, Ma'am. I don't think I should
talk to you anymore about her.
You only have bad things to say,
and Hazel is my girlfriend.
Kenneth, this sounds insane,
but I care about you as a friend.
I take in 50 calories a day,
and I'm using them all up
just trying to help you.
Then, just be happy that I'm happy.
You're happy because of Hazel?
What could she possibly give you
that I can't?
Look, I'll tell you what she gives me,
Ms. Maroney. She listens to me.
Just tell me what it is!
I tell her what happened during my day,
and she actually wants to hear about it.
Can you give me that, Ms. Maroney?
I don't know.
Ah, Tracy, thank you for coming.
- Please, have a seat.
- No, thank you.
I prefer to lie down.
These are my lawyers.
One is German.
One is Japanese.
And you don't bring these guys
together to play patty-cake.
This is war.
Bad news, Jack.
"War" is my favorite card game.
And I win about half the time.
Here's the rub, Tracy.
Because you were reckless enough
to name your businessman villain
"Jack Donaghy",
I can sue you for libel.
I'm gonna take every penny you have.
Not the ones I've swallowed.
We'll see about that.
Dude, it's not libel.
Everything "Jack Donaghy"
does in a movie,
I've seen you do in real life.
Really? When did you see me
do something like this?
You're a menace, Aunt Phatso!
But now that I'm on the City Council,
I'm cancelling
your urban youth program!
Oh, Lord!
What? You did cancel
a program for urban youth.
It was my Saturday morning kids' show,
"Uncle Tracy's
Black Teletubbies Rip-off".
I cancelled it because, like you,
it was overly sexual
and impossible to understand.
Grabalujah!
Fine. I've technically cancelled
an urban children's program.
But what about this assault
on my good name?
Not so fast, you crone!
I bought all the wheelchair ramps
in this city.
And I'm turning them
into more profitable stairs.
When have I ever verbally accosted
an old woman in a wheelchair?
Liz Lemon.
Twenty minutes ago.
Another technicality.
But the climax of this monstrosity...
Das ist vat she said!
...Is when "Jack Donaghy"
shuts down an orphanage.
And I have never shut down an orphanage.
You're right. I put that in
just to have a part in there
for a little girl in my movie.
I'm Willow Smith-ing my daughter.
Her album drops next week.
Christmas!
Blankie!
That is libel, Tracy. I win.
Checkmate.
Game, set, match.
Rumbledy-Goo.
Which is what you say
when you win in polo.
Tell me about your day.
lam listening.
Well, Ms. Maroney,
this morning, I was --
You're doing amazing.
I wish you could see
how sexy your listening face is.
For Halloween,
you should go as a slutty ear.
What do you want to do now?
Sing?
Yeah, let's!
# I'll be up here #
# And I'll be down here #
# Jenna's blonde as a sunrise #
# Hot as the sun #
# Bright as the shining sun #
But with that being said,
how do you know
when you both feel the same way?
I mean, sometimes I think --
# Jenna is listening,
listening like the sun in the sky #
Ooh! Uh-oh, somebody needs to be changed!
Need anything else, boss man?
I guess just bring in the wheelchair
so you can roll me down to the floor
for the show.
What? No, Liz!
You had surgery this morning!
Sure, but I have to be there.
Oh, I would slap you if I didn't think
it would lead to a kiss.
This is about priorities.
What if those feet were real babies?
Would you walk on them to work?
What kind of mother are you,
you beautiful monster?
Hazel, I have missed one show
in seven years,
and it did not go well.
Josh! Help me!
You're not gonna "miss the show."
You're gonna watch it
on the feed, baby girl. Idiot!
I'll be next to Pete the whole time.
And if there's an emergency,
your wheelchair's right outside.
I guess that could work.
Let me be your eyes on set.
Although I can never match
that amazing color.
Criss calls it "Old-Timey Football".
Five minutes to air! Five minutes!
Wow. This is really working.
Hey, is that me?
Oh, no, that can't be --
Oh, brother. That's me!
It's an old show!
Son of a --!
Well, this e-mail is from Liz.
Duh! Now, for my act,
I'm gonna need a tarp.
Because the first three rows
will get wet.
Why are my arms so weak?
It's like I did that push-up last year
for nothing!
And two minutes to air!
Two minutes!
I'm sorry, babies.
Wassername!
Huh? Where am I?
Oh, Pete roofied me!
Seriously, Hornberger?
You were gonna put her on the air?
You told me to!
I have your e-mail!
"P-Dog. Let's use Hazel in the cold open.
Don't call me about this.
Catch you on the flippy-floppy."
That's you!
You people killed my foot babies!
My foot babies died because of this show!
You're fired.
You can't fire me.
You don't even know my real name.
Get out! Now!
Oh!
Ooh...
Did you just fire my girlfriend?
She's crazy, Kenneth!
No, she's not.
Ms. Maroney knows the real Hazel.
Tell them what I told you.
Oh, God, what do I do?
Help me, me!
This one's on you, bitch!
Were you not listening?
I think a song right now would --
That's it!
From now on, my relationship with
all of you is strictly professional.
We are no longer friends.
I am just a co-worker who will do
anything for any of you at any time!
Nothing more!
And we're live in three, two --!
Oh, yeah, they didn't write anything.
Tracy. This is a surprise.
I thought you'd be at home
licking your wounds.
No, that's why they put that cone on me.
I just wanted to give you this.
"You are cordially invited
to attend the premiere of
'Tracy Jordan's Aunt Phatso's
Jack Donaghy's We At It Again"'.
"A percentage of the film's profits
will go to support
the Knuckle Beach Orphanage."
I don't understand.
Without that money, the orphanage
is gonna have to close.
So if I shut down the movie,
I actually will close down an orphanage,
which means the movie isn't libellous,
which means I can't shut down the movie.
That's... genius.
You win, Tracy.
You bested Jack Donaghy.
Now you finally respect me,
and that's all I ever wanted.
I really can't stop you
from portraying me
as the villain in your films.
What? Come on, did you not watch
the whole movie, Jackie D?
Well, it's 47 minutes long.
In the end, "Jack Donaghy"
is not the villain.
You win, Aunt Phatso.
You bested Jack Donaghy.
Now you finally respect me,
and that's all I ever wanted.
Except maybe
that hot little body of yours.
- Great Caesar's ghost!
- Oh, baby!
Hmm. Our thing sure is
playing out just like the movie.
- Oh, look, it's Liz!
- Good old Liz!
Well, my feet are ruined.
The show was an embarrassment.
But I learned something super fun.
I will never be able to have
a family and work at "TGS".
It's just not possible.
So what do I do?
Don't ask me.
Tracy's the genius here.
Okay, well, Tray, I'm scared.
Do I give up on my dream job,
something I've worked
my whole life to build?
Or do I give up on my dream
of having a family?
Well, as a wise woman once told me,
respect these boobies!
Seriously, though, what am I gonna do?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org